ref(feedback): update setup and supported sdks page (#13304)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/user-feedback/setup.mdx

description: "Get started with Sentry's User Feedback, which allows you to collect feedback from your users."
---

> With User Feedback, you can collect feedback from your users via three methods: a Feedback Widget that can be displayed anywhere in your web application, an API that can attach to your own interface, or a Crash-Report Modal that appears when your users are experiencing crashes.

Reviewer: API as in Web API? or API provided in our SDKs?

When talking about crash-report modal might be worth specifying "web". It's a web modal that comes out automatically. That's how it differs from "the widget" when you control where it goes, and the user initiatives the feedback by pressing a button on it.

Something something like: 

> Perhaps even better would be rewording this to have "For websites, _Widget_ users can use to provide feedback. As well as a modal that pops up automatically when unhandled errors are detected on your page. We refer to the latter as Crash-Report Modal. On Mobile SDKs we also provide a _Widget_. An in both Web, Mobile and well as many other SDKs (desktop, backend, gaming) we provide functions to capture user feedback where you can provide information collected through your own UI

```suggestion
With User Feedback, you can collect feedback from your users via three methods: a Feedback Widget that can be displayed anywhere in your web application, an API in the Sentry SDK that can attach to your own user interface, or a Crash-Report Web Modal that appears automatically when your users are experiencing unhandled errors on your web site.
```

Author: Thanks for clarifying! Gave it another shot w/a list format

- [SvelteKit](/platforms/javascript/guides/sveltekit/user-feedback/)
- [Vue](/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/user-feedback/)

## Supported SDKs for User Feedback API

We also provide an API to send user feedback programmatically. This allows you to connect your own user interface with Sentry User Feedback. The following SDKs are supported:

- [Android](/platforms/android/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Apple](/platforms/apple/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Dart](/platforms/dart/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Flutter](/platforms/dart/guides/flutter/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Java](/platforms/java/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Kotlin](/platforms/kotlin/guides/kotlin-multiplatform/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Node.JS](/platforms/javascript/guides/node/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [React Native](/platforms/react-native/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)
- [Unreal](/platforms/unreal/user-feedback/#user-feedback-api)

If your platform is not supported, you may post data to the [Web API](https://docs.sentry.io/api/projects/submit-user-feedback/).

> TODO: document .NET, PHP, and unity, if they have it?

Author: Thanks, I don't see an API for PHP, only crash report modal
